Chapter 1 - To Survive - Deadly Life

Day 5 Morning

Gymnasium:
An event will appear.
Talk to Kirigiri and Celestia.
Investigate the corpse.
Received: "Monokuma File 1"
Leave gymnasium and go to your room.

Own Room
Examine the drawer behind the bed, receive word bullet "Tool Kit."
Examine scabbard of imitation sword on the floor, receive word bullet "Imitation Sword Sheathe"
Examine drawn blade of imitation sword on the floor, receive word bullet 'Imitation Sword."
Examine key on the floor, receive word bullet "Switching rooms."
Examine marks on the walls and floor, receive word bullet "Evidence of a struggle."
After examining the lint roller, talk to the person on the far left.
Reaction "Very unusual"
Receive word bullet "Makoto's room's cleanliness."
Check the shower room.

Shower Room
Examine victim's body, receive word bullet "Sayaka's wrist."
Examine wall behind the right side of victim's body.

Own Room
Reaction "Bloody numbers" to receive word bullets "Dying message" and "Bathroom doorframe"
Examine door of shower room, receive word bullet "Bathroom doorknob."
Go outside.

Hallway of 1st Floor Dorms
Examine name plates of own room and victim's room, receive word bullet "Door Nameplates."

Victim's Room
Examine trash can.
Afterwards, go to audiovisual room and examine DVD deck for event.

Trash Room
Examine bars to receive word bullet "cleaning duty"
After leaving, when you talk to people you will receive hints on who is in charge of cleaning duty.
Talk to person in charge of cleaning duties (Yamada) and return once more to the trash room.
Examine incinerator to receive word bullet "incinerator."
Examine the shred of white on the grounds of the incinerator, receive word bullet "Burnt shirt piece."
Examine glass shards below switch, receive word bullet "Shattered Crystal ball."
After this, go to the gymnasium and talk to the person in the center to update word bullet "Shattered Crystal ball."

Kitchen
Examine knives hanging on the wall, receive word bullet "Kitchen Knife Set."
After this, leave the kitchen to go to the dining hall and talk to the person there to receive "Aoi's account"

Red Door
Examine elevator door to begin the class trial.
Save point.