Chapter 2 - Boys' Life of Despair - Deadly Life

Girls Locker Room
Examine words on the wall.
Addition to school rules.
Chapter 2 - Deadly Life

Girls Locker Room
"Monokuma File #2."
Examine dumbbell on the floor, receive word bullet "Dumbbell in changing room."
Talk with the person on far right, receive word bullet "(Mondo's) account."
Talk with the second person from the right, receive word bullet "(Sakura's) account."
Hallway in front of the pool
Examine card reader of changing rooms, receive word bullet "Card reader."
Entrance Lobby
Examine lettercase, receive truth bullet "e-Handbook in entrance lobby."
After this, talk to the person there to receive word bullet "Broken e-Handbook."
Talk to same person once more.

Reaction "Genocide Jack."
Reaction "Basis"
Talk to new person who has appeared.
Reaction "Emergency!"

1st Floor Dorms Passageway
Talk with the person who comes later in the entrance lobby.
Examine room door.
After this, talk with the person who was with you in the entrance lobby.

Library
Investigate door to Archives room.

Archives
Examine the wooden box on top of the cardboard box near the center of the room, the desk lamp on the floor and the three different parts of the shelves.
Reaction "Reviewed them multiple times"
After talking with the person you are with, receive word bullet "Genocide Jack case files."

Hallway in front of the pool
Talk with the person there.

Boys Locker Room
Examine carpet, receive truth bullet "Carpet in boys locker room."
Examine poster.

Girls Locker Room
Talk to person in the center, receive truth bullet "(Chihiro's) e-Handbook."
After this, examine the victim to receive word bullet "Condition of the corpse."
After you've examined the poster in the boys changing room and then examine the poster here, receive word bullet "Two Locker Room Posters."
After this, talk with person on the far left to receive word bullet "Disappearing Stain"

Library
Examine the Desk Lamp, receive word bullet "Library Desk Lamp."

Archives
Examine the right side of the bookshelf in front of you.

Dining Hall
Talk with person there, receive truth bullet "(Aoi's) account."

Warehouse
Talk with person there, receive word bullet "(Celeste's) account."

